# News-Webscraping-and-Sentiment-analysis-
It is a massive database of information that is utilized to suit the diverse demands of Internet users. Data gathering and processing on websites in this information repository have become increasingly essential in recent years. It is necessary to update news data on a regular basis in order for it to be current and valuable. To make it easier to explore and customize the user experience, the news should be organized into categories. To be helpful, it should not include any duplicate data, and news should come from primary sources, with the system requiring less hardware. News web scraping is a good way to remain updated with the latest news. It is time-saving and convenient to use. In times like these when information is more important than anything, they are the best way to compile data and store it into a form that is easy to process like databases. Organizations that use news web scraping will be ahead of their competitors and ready to handle any future challenges.  In this paper, I used Web scraping to extract relevant content from the newspaper from a news website in this investigation. When a news website does not provide a download option, the significant increase of news documents creates a new difficulty. This project outlines a method for extracting a newspaper's URL address from an HTML page and clean text articles from a news website. Then will create a database with the scraped sentences. And finally will conducting sentiment analysis with the created database.Web scraping is the process of gathering material from human-readable websites and storing it locally in databases or CSV files. Data extraction and design is a time-consuming procedure that requires a website analysis, data representation of the components that make up its structure (DOM), HTML tags, and Cascading Style Sheets classes. I intend to provide automation to aid this process. In this research, I present a pattern data scraping approach that recognizes title and body based on a content structure pattern to scrape newspaper names and contents from websites. This method consists of three steps: understanding the structure of news websites, creating an HTML content pattern, and implementing the pattern as a set of rules for online scraping.  In this project, I'm meant to gather election-related data from a newspaper website and develop a database based on the information. This information may be used to forecast whether a candidate will win or lose an election in the future. By examining the content and phrasings used in respective stories, this data may also be utilized to determine the quality of the newspaper. After the scraping processes I am proposed to conduct sentiment analysis to identify the data is positive, negative or neutral.
